Synced and Corrected by Nsiko
www.Addic7ed.com
How do you do that?
Wake up at the exact
same second every morning.
An act of will.
Anything wrong?
This man showed up while I
was at the pool last night.
It was very weird.
He told me to tell you to call him.
He said his name was...
Karl Stoltz.
It doesn't ring a bell.
Another...
degenerate
who works for Billy McBride, of course.
Sent to intimidate us.
Let's not talk about Billy.
Tell me about me.
I mean, I...
I'm just at the
beginning of knowing you,
if I even know you at all.
You know me.
Tell me.
You're...
So brilliant.
But very...
damaged.
Touch me while you tell me.
Mm-mm.
Touch my face while you tell me.
You hurt...
so much...
because you're not loved.
One finger.
You built the firm together,
but it was mostly you,
and he got all the love...
while you...
you were the disfigured ghoul
alone in a dark room.
He got the admiration and affection,
and you got... fear.
More.
And he mocked you.
He still mocks you.
More.
You can sense it,
even as he threatens people's livelihood
with this case,
that they're rooting for him.
Imagine everything...
everything that they have
you gave them.
And it is so, so wrong.
- Ohh!
- Yeah! Oh, fuck!
- Yeah!
- Oh, God!
Oh! Ohh!
Yeah! Ohh!
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah. Oh,
God, it feels so good.
Yeah. Ohh!
You didn't have to go that far.
Yeah. I did.
So now what?
I'll take it from here.
Listen,
I... I'm real sorry
that I had you even doing this shit.
Oh, hey. I'm a pro.
Two days are scheduled for
this round of depositions.
We intend to use every
second of that time,
and we're not putting up with
any more of your nonsense.
Objection. Argumentative.
We just started this thing.
- Let's get out of here.
- See this?
It's a proposed Order of Contempt,
to be filed with Judge Keller
should you continue
to be obstructionist.
Mrs. Larson, if I were being kind,
I could say that your
testimony has been inconsistent,
but it's far worse than that.
- It's mendacious.
- Mendacious?
I'm sorry. That means that you're lying.
I'm not lying.
- Of course you are.
- Object. Strike that.
Thank you.
I want to punch that
midget bitch in the face.
I swear to God.
Actually, she's improved a little.
Have you ever in your life
had a worse deposition?
I don't know. Probably not.
Maybe. I'm not sure.
Thank you.
I mean, that was... that
was a literal disaster.
My thing is, and I don't even like kids,
how is it that you can look at a child
and just make them feel like shit?
God damn!
What are you doing?
We'll be right there. Just stay calm.
It's all right. Okay.
Bye.
What? Who was that?
Marva. Somebody broke
in the storage locker.
What?
Yes. We got to go.
Okay. Wait. Wait.
Stop. I want you to call the cops,
and there's literally a
hospital down the street.
I can move it. It's not broken.
You have to get it X-rayed.
Get in the fucking car.
You don't know if it's bro...
God damn it.
Help me with the
steering wheel, will you?
Okay, let go, God damn it.
Oh, shit.
Son of a bitch.
Look, I don't know who did this,
but it wasn't Borns Tech
because they gave us all this stuff.
Yeah, I know that, Marva.
The model at Ryan's and the blueprints,
where are they?
They're in my car.
All right, let's go.
Oh, no. Please, Billy, no.
Please? I can't clean this up by myself!
It's just some fucking papers, honey.
God damn it.
The forces of anti-American hatred
that killed my brother...
those enemies are out
to destroy every single one of us.
It's one of the reasons
I went into law...
So that I could work with companies
like Borns Tech,
who make it their mission
to fight evil in the Middle East.
The evidence will show
that this case is about evil.
Ha!
How'd you get this?
Friends in the IT department.
Listen... Listen to this part.
In 2004,
my brother Adam was killed
fighting the forces of evil in Mosul.
I know the Larsons' hurt.
I know what it is to... lose someone.
- He was...
- See?
That.
That's why he tapped her:
her dead brother.
Can you believe it?
It's not a bad choice.
The jury's going to love her.
That's my opening in my case.
Think about it.
The hardest thing to do
is to humanize a corporate client,
and Lucy does that. Look at her.
He was my entire world.
You're right.
I hate that.
And when he died, I vowed...
That's all you get from this?
- To make it my mission...
- What?
What? What did I miss?
Borns Tech who keep our loved ones safe.
That it's cruel for Donald
to be putting a young girl through this,
to be milking her pain
for the good of a case.
When she's done with it,
you think he's going to care?
Of course not.
For all we know,
this is exactly why he hired her,
just in case Borns Tech
got caught on their shit.
He's so fucking cold.
A little hot to be doing
that today, isn't it, judge?
Did you ever build a
float out of these things
and put them in the Rose Parade?
What are you doing here?
I would have called,
but your clerk wouldn't
give me the number...
- Are you drunk?
- So I came over. No.
I hope so for your
sake that you are drunk.
I'm not drinking, no.
This is really important.
If you'll just let me
come inside with you,
I'll explain it to you.
Inside.
- Are you coming?
- Inside, Mr. McBride.
You got two minutes.
All right.
We dug this up at Ryan Larson's house.
It's a model and some blueprints
for a weapons system he was
working on for Borns Tech.
Are you trying to get
held in contempt again?
You can get disbarred
for even discussing this
with me outside the court,
let alone argue it.
I'm not arguing anything.
You asked me a question.
I'm just answering it.
See this? I got that
when a guy tried to run me down today.
That's the same guy
who's been following me
ever since I took the case.
You're insane.
- And I'm not...
- It gets better.
Somebody broke in my storage locker.
Dumped out all the discovery,
looking for this fucking
thing, I'm guessing.
Then you report it to the police.
You don't bring it to me.
I'd love to report it to the police,
but you see, the police pulled me over
on a bullshit DUI,
beat the hell out of me,
and tased my daughter.
Then my client gets killed
outside your court.
They still don't have a suspect.
Two of my witnesses get
popped on a drug charge,
Neither one has a
record for drug dealing.
Now, you think all that's a coincidence?
That's a laundry list of shit, judge.
What are you looking
for from me, Mr. McBride?
Huh?
My help?
The rules say that the court
has to retain evidence pre-trial
if the circumstances warrant it.
As long as I tell the
other side what I'm doing,
you have to take this evidence.
We scoured our files,
and we didn't find anything
about what McBride dug
up in Larson's yard.
Is this a Borns Tech weapon or not?
It's a fair question, Wendell. Is it?
Is this thing one of ours or not?
I deny knowing anything about this.
The firm knows nothing.
Are you all crazy? We're
breaking the law here.
You can pretend we have
plausible deniability,
- but we don't.
- That's exactly what we have.
This case is only about
what caused a boat to blow
up in the middle of the night,
and for that the burden is
completely on the plaintiff.
If you were general counsel,
what would you do with this information?
Why are you asking me?
First because you're outside counsel.
We pay for your advice.
Secondly, your opinion
seems to fucking matter...
Not to me, but evidently to them.
I would maintain the client's
privilege of confidentiality.
So you'd stay quiet as a mouse.
I'm not a fucking mouse.
And should McBride have evidence
which shows we were working
up a band cluster bomb,
you'd still stay quiet?
There's no evidence.
It's just allegations.
Allegations?
Just between us lawyers, we already know
Borns Tech did bad
shit and covered it up.
The law imposes a duty
on me to report this.
Yeah, and just between us lawyers,
should somebody report it
outside this firm or Borns Tech,
violating the attorney client privilege,
somebody would lose his law license.
And for staying quiet,
somebody could go to prison.
All right, I've sat here
and listened to this bullshit
just about long...
You've got much to
think about and consider.
Let's all take a break.
Shall we?
Okay, so, assuming we get to trial,
Ned is our only expert witness.
So what else?
What else?
It's better to have
one than none, isn't it?
It's not how many witnesses you have,
it's what they have to say that counts.
Then we're really fucked
because Ned is Ned,
and the jury's already going to hate him
for the revenge porn.
We may have another witness.
- Who?
- Right?
We don't have him yet.
We're going to have him.
I'll see to it if you don't.
Are you drunk?
That's none of your goddamn business.
You... You see this, right?
Everyone's here because of you,
so it is my goddamn business.
When I asked you point blank
if I should be scared to do this case,
you said no.
Well, I'll let you girls sit here
and dwell on your fucking problems.
Right here, right here!
Hi. You've reached Rachel.
I'm not home right now,
but leave a message,
and I'll get back to you. Thanks.
Have a great day.
Hey, honey, what are you doing out here?
Why didn't you knock?
I did, and I texted you.
You ready?
Yeah.
We're supposed to
practice driving today.
Right.
Mom won't do it,
and she makes me too
nervous anyway, so...
Look, there's something I got to do,
and I can't get out of it.
Are you the one Mom's dating?
Where the hell did that come from?
Of course not.
She has a restraining order against me.
- How could I be dating her?
- Yeah, now,
because you probably screwed
things up with her again.
You two hooking up for
the sex? Is that it?
I said it's not me.
And that's creepy.
You're my kid. Come on.
Don't do that.
So it really wasn't you?
No, it wasn't me.
I was kind of hoping it was.
Be nicer to Mom.
Well, ahem,
see, I can't get
within 200 yards of her,
so...
You could start
by dropping this case against her firm.
It's making her crazy.
The case is not about me.
The case is about a client...
- You're so full of it.
- And a guy who got killed.
It's all about you.
If Donald Cooperman wasn't
on the other side of this,
you wouldn't give a shit.
And you're drinking too much again.
I can smell you.
I'm not stupid, Dad.
You're sure not.
So you won't drop it?
Not even for me?
No, I can't, honey. I'm sorry.
Well, I don't forgive you.
Mmm.
Should we be worried, do you think?
Leonard Letts
won't go to the FBI.
He's too scared. He's
got too much at stake.
I'd go if I were him.
Why don't you go, then?
For that matter, why don't I go?
I mean, we know the
corporation is guilty
of really bad stuff.
The only question is how much,
and we have a legal duty
to report the corporation's crimes.
No. I'm not sure that we do.
It's a really gray area.
The court says a lawyer needs
to maintain client confidentiality,
especially when they confess to crimes.
- Right.
- Well, some poor schmuck
is going to get convicted
of not reporting that
corporation's crimes.
And then the Supreme Court
will reverse the decision
and strike down the
law in maybe ten years.
Do you want to be that
test case? Because I don't.
And neither does Leonard.
I don't know. He's fucked, right?
He's just fucked.
We all are.
Which is why we want to
get out while we still can
and start our own thing.
Stop it. Really, you're
going to go there again?
You got to stop. You're
like a dog with a bone.
Oh, shit.
Jesus.
What are you doing home?
Uh, I got a text to come home.
Ohh.
Did you text her?
She's your daughter.
She should know who you love.
You need to go now.
Denise?
Baby?
This place I've been to many times.
And, uh, it's just, uh... right here.
- Up the stairs?
- She's... Yep.
Yeah, but please don't make me do this.
I told you we have
to, or Cooperman will.
He'll get her to testify as a witness
that you're some kind of a scum bag.
Which I am. I am. He's right.
Which apartment is it?
25.
Hey.
Ned. What are you doing here?
I'm Billy. I'm a friend of Ned's.
- That's Billy.
- He just wanted to come by
and talk to you for a few minutes.
If you can just...
I guess.
Thank you so much.
Sorry for the intrusion, Miss, uh...
Millie, by the way.
Absolutely. I know all about you.
Ned talks about you all the time.
I'm going to go outside
and give you guys some privacy.
I'll just have a smoke out there.
Sure. Go ahead. Okay.
Who is this guy?
I'll explain it to you later.
You showed our tape to people?
I'm so sorry.
That was private, Ned.
I know.
The most private thing I ever did.
It's just I... I was hurt,
and... and, you know, I was angry...
And the only reason I did it
was because you begged me to.
My parents could see that tape.
I am so sorry.
- My nieces.
- I was angry.
The people I work with.
I was hurting.
I broke up with you
because we had no future.
I have to get on with my life.
I want kids, a family.
So do I.
- Do you?
- So do I.
I mean, should you?
With all that mental stuff
you've got going on in your head?
I... I could get help for that.
I would if you'd just give me a chance.
You know? I...
I want a legacy.
I want to have moments with you like...
Don't you remember
when we went to Solvang?
It was a great trip.
I loved you.
And I still love you.
Sorry.
Sorry to interrupt.
Listen, um,
I guess he told you I'm an attorney.
We really need your help.
You see, we're going to have to get Ned
on the stand.
And the other side,
they're going to want
to use this videotape.
- What?
- Oh, yes, ma'am.
- They can do that?
- Of course they can.
And they will. We can diffuse that
if you just come along with us.
If you find it in your
heart to forgive Ned...
If you're by his side,
then it really makes the
tape meaningless to them.
Which would be good
for you and your case.
I don't like being used.
I understand completely.
Of course I want to win my case.
I mean, selfishly, absolutely.
Ned's a good guy.
I know he cares about you.
So above and beyond any of this stuff,
it would just be great to
see you guys close again
because I can tell you love each other.
Come on, Blue! What are you watching?
That was a strike!
Good call, ump.
Your kid looks like he's throwing darts.
This is baseball. He needs to
use his legs and follow through.
You ought to teach him something.
Billy, you want a Coke or something?
Oh, no, thanks, baby. I'm all right.
Ohh! Oh, God!
I'm so into this right now.
We did the best we could,
but, as it turns out,
you don't have a good side.
Oh, yeah! Oh, God, it feels so good.
My wife never sees this.
Really? She might learn something.
Shut up, you cunt.
Hey, there's no need for that.
You're lucky she's a nice person.
I was going to just get the information
and show this to your wife anyway.
I may still do that.
The Latin guy told me to fuck with you.
But he's not Latin, or he's half...
I don't fucking know.
His name is Karl Stoltz.
Who does he work for?
Borns Tech or Cooperman?
I don't even know who that is.
I just know Stoltz.
Who does Stoltz work for?
The DEA, I think.
He's not big on information.
The DEA. All right.
He's an informant for 'em.
Look, that's all you're getting from me.
We're done. I got nothing more.
Envelope, please, Brittany.
This is all I got.
A little subpoena for you there.
Yeah? Well, you can forget about it
because I ain't testifying.
I got a witness here.
You'll be sorry if you
put me on the stand.
What a prick.
I guess I'll see you later.
Okay. Well, can you do me a favor
and not tell Patty about the tape
or what I did?
Yeah, okay.
Yeah?
I wish you didn't have to do it at all.
Yeah.
You seem real busted up over it.
It kind of doesn't make you
any better than a pimp, though, does it?
I'm done.
Yeah, I know.
I'm gonna miss you.
Why is that?
I love you.
I always have.
If we're going to talk
about the Larson case,
we really should invite
the trial team up.
I don't want either Callie or Lucy here.
I don't trust them, Donald.
And you trust me? Oh, that's nice.
Just for the record,
I'm... I'm shocked.
I'm shocked at Letts' revelations
of illegality at Borns Tech.
So what are you going to do about it?
In fact, I have a luncheon appointment
to meet with Letts and Wendell Corey
to get to the bottom of
things and set things right.
How?
It's not your concern.
In law there is one great eternal truth:
If anyone goes to prison,
it's the client, not the lawyer.
Cooperman McBride has represented
far worse than Borns Tech
and survived and
maintained their secrets
and not faced a single
day in jail for it.
Leave it to me, or leave the firm!
It's up to you.
We've survived without one McBride!
We can survive without two!
In the meantime...
Tell Billy I want to meet him.
At the old place. He'll know where.
Just the two of you?
Why?
It's time.
Yeah, so you got this creep
of a dirty fucking cop,
and you got a dirty DEA informant
who I'm as sure as I can be
are working for a dirty
defense contractor.
So I'll give you all
the evidence I've got.
And then you guys take
it from there, you know?
Make an indictment,
root these creeps out,
make your big, splashy
press release and all that
like you do.
You get to fuck the DEA over,
which I know you like to do,
and, uh, FBI's happy,
U.S. Attorney's happy,
and I'm happy.
I heard you were dead.
Cirrhosis.
- Really?
- Yeah.
I'll be damned. I didn't read that.
- You never heard that?
- Yeah.
Ahem.
What do you want in return?
Everything you got on Karl Stoltz.
Then if he's dirty,
then maybe help me get a break
on the Marquez brothers' drug charge.
And anything you share about Borns Tech.
Borns Tech is a big player out here.
Lots of big government contracts.
Major employer, too.
You sound like a commercial, man.
Are you their spokesman or something?
You're talking about a
long-term investigation,
grand jury, okay?
Subpoenas, trial hours, research.
Yeah. That kind of
stuff that you do, right?
Your job. I'm just asking
you to work, that's all.
I'd have to run it by my
deputy chief, at least,
and the chief.
The U.S. Attorney. too.
Yeah, then we got to
book grand jury time,
issue subpoenas, talk to the D.O.D.
All right, all right.
We'll get back to you.
It's very interesting.
I enjoy this room.
And this club.
They threw a dinner for me here
when I came home in 1972.
I think my dad was here.
He was.
And the President sent a telegram.
Can you imagine a telegram?
- Pace of progress.
- It's a beautiful room.
Yeah, it is.
As general counsel, Leonard,
you were to be put
up for membership here
or the Jonathan Club
if it had been your preference.
You used the past tense.
The third past tense
conditional, I believe.
You never took Latin, I see.
Ah, that's not surprising.
You're being fired, Leonard.
This is retaliation
for me asking questions
about illegal activity
at the corporation?
You can't fire me for doing my job
or following the law.
I will go to the FBI,
and I will reveal
what I know to be true.
I will be a whistleblower,
and then I will sue you both
for wrongful termination,
and I'll win, too.
God. y-you know what?
You should file a civil
rights claim. I would.
There's no need to rankle, Wendell.
There's no need to fire you, Leonard.
You could stay with us.
You could help us fight
back this McBride threat.
Ship's sinking, Leonard.
Come on.
There's a seat in the life boat.
Just get the fuck on board. Okay?
It absolutely is right
because if you're following
too closely behind the car,
the guy wants to stop,
and you run up his tail pipe,
you're absolutely to blame.
All right, don't Cr... Mama, come on.
Come on. Don't cry. Look, I love you.
Everybody loves you, okay?
But you're a terrible driver.
Okay?
Oh. Hi.
- Hey.
- Hey, boss.
So, uh, Mama, this is
Billy McBride, okay?
This is Irene Papagian,
my ex-mother-in-law.
- Hi.
- These are her boys.
Uh, she had a little
bit of a car accident.
Oh. Sorry to hear that.
It wasn't my fault.
It's absolutely your fault.
You are 100% to blame.
What's this? Just now? What's...
I know. Can I talk to you
just privately for a second?
I'm sorry.
Thank you.
Hey, listen, I know
it's your family and all,
but I got a lot of shit to do,
and what's wrong with your office?
Okay. Um...
there's no office. The office is gone.
What do you mean?
I couldn't keep up the rent,
so I lost the office.
Five minutes max.
- Okay.
- Okay?
All right.
I'm sorry about your office.
I'm sorry. And it's so embarrassing.
Like, it's so embarrassing.
Don't be embarrassed.
Just, you know, finish up,
and we'll start it later, okay?
Thank you.
Well, I'll be damned.
Is this some kind of setup or something?
You know, this is within 200 feet.
You should read the fine print.
The TR is for the house, dummy,
not for me. Plus, I'm on my own.
Uh, can I get a Jack Daniels, please?
- You got it.
- Thanks.
What happened to your hand?
Uh, just fucking around.
Sprained my wrist.
Thanks.
So what's up?
Mm.
Cooperman.
He wants to see you tonight.
He said you'd know where.
Yeah, I know where.
So he couldn't call me himself?
Sends you down here
like you're a fucking runner?
Arrogant son of a bitch.
Denise knows about Callie.
What, did you tell her?
Nope. Callie did
in a really, really unhealthy way.
I can't imagine Callie telling anybody
in a... in a healthy way.
It's who she is.
You know, I never wanted
to be with a lawyer.
- Thanks.
- But I always end up with one.
Why is that?
I don't know, convenience?
Always one right down the hall.
Then this woman came over.
I have her card somewhere in the house.
I forget her name.
Do you remember what she said?
I kept asking her to repeat herself
because I couldn't fucking believe
what she was telling me.
They're calling in the loan.
Borns cosigned on the house
when Ryan joined them.
And they emptied the trust account.
That... That's for Jason's college.
Can they do that?
They can't do that, right?
Actually, yeah, they can.
I can't lose this house.
How am I going to pay for college?
- We just have to win the case.
- Well, we're going to try.
You will win, right?
Yeah.
They don't even make
fucking adults anymore.
These little privileged shits.
Everybody's a fucking pussy.
You can't say shit to anybody.
You can't even be a
fucking human being anymore.
You know what I'm saying?
How are you supposed
to be a human being?
30 fucking years in the Bar, you know?
Not this fucking bar.
30 years of the law.
30 fucking years.
Never turned in a
dishonest day in court.
Not fucking once.
You can check the trial transcripts
and see for yourself.
Know something else?
I wouldn't change a fucking thing.
I wouldn't... I wouldn't change
a fucking thing, Frankie.
Did you know that?
Because I lived.
See, people don't fucking live anymore.
You can't fucking say anything
that's politically incorrect.
Rumor is you're off the wagon.
Fucking do anything.
No, no, I'm still on the wagon.
I just got a designated
driver.
Right.
So what are you doing here?
I don't understand.
I will carry you
through the Larson case,
and then I'm out for reals.
I can't keep doing this.
I never heard that before.
You'll carry me?
How many fucking times
you gonna quit anyway?
It's my own goddamn fault.
I should have never agreed
to take this fucking thing on anyway.
You know you have a meeting
with Donald Cooperman?
- He called, huh?
- Yeah.
Yeah, he must want something.
Well, you can't go like this.
What, you me to put a tuxedo on?
I'm not gonna crawl over
there to that motherfucker
and, you know, fuckin' run
over to that son of a bitch
like a fucking puppy. Forget it.
- Hey. Hey.
- What?
You love me?
Oh. Fuck. Uh, look...
Honey, of course I love you.
I love everybody.
Can we get this guy a coffee, please?
Still alive, I see.
What's up, G-man?
Where's your sidekick?
He's at home asleep sucking his thumb.
He's a pussy.
He seemed like it.
But he's interested in your case.
No shit.
No shit. He needs a big case
so he can land a offer
at Kirkland & Ellis
or go in house at Boeing.
He's an ambitious little fuck.
You know how it is.
Yeah, I do.
Still, that's good news.
Sure about that?
If the U.S. Attorney's office
takes over, who's in charge, you?
So I get nothing?
It's Karl Stoltz.
Don't forget we helped.
We may need you if we
ever indict anybody.
You were right. He's dirtier than shit.
Before he was a DEA informant,
he worked with us.
We dropped him because
he was making shit up.
When the DEA drops him,
the ATF will pick him up.
Way of the world.
You didn't get this from me.
Why am I getting anything?
Why do you think?
I fucking hate the DEA.
I hate lawyers, too.
That doesn't mean I think
they should get run over.
Yeah, well, I appreciate that.
Okay, Donnie, what do you want?
It's just amazing after all these years.
I have a deep capacity for hate myself,
but yours... yours is impressive.
I don't hate you.
That would take too much effort.
But I'm glad to see
your ego's still intact.
Is that what you tell yourself?
That the opposite of love is...
Is not hate. It's indifference.
I don't believe that you're indifferent.
Did I ever tell you
that I fucked your wife?
Before you knew her.
And after.
Okay.
That's all you have to say?
I never could rattle you.
And I'm good at rattling people.
But you see right through me,
and I respect that.
What I didn't respect
is your inability to be a real lawyer.
Yes, you won a few cases.
Showboat.
I built a business.
A culture.
A company.
A law firm.
You were a drunk with talent
who got lucky.
You're playing with fire, Billy.
Borns Tech is not some
goddamn insurance company.
Think about what's
gone down in this case
and ask yourself how much
more of it you can take,
how many more people
are going to get hurt.
Consider... one dead client.
A DUI.
You were almost run down in the street.
It was terrible.
Don't look at me.
Did I say I did it?
To acknowledge that a
crime has been committed
or will be committed
is not in itself a crime.
You of all people should know that.
That killer that you sprung... Bender...
You knew he was guilty of murder.
You knew he was likely to murder again,
but you got him off anyway,
and he killed...
that beautiful, beautiful family.
I don't kill innocent people, Billy.
You do.
That's why you live in a bottle.
That's why you destroyed
your marriage, your family.
So I take it there's
no offer on the table.
There's always an offer
on the table, Billy boy.
How about nothing?
You withdraw everything,
admit you were wrong...
give up your law license,
give me title to your car,
and you let me fuck you up the ass.
Don't forget, legally,
you have to convey the
offer to the client.
I gave this to your assistant.
But the fact that you didn't complain
tells me that you told her to ignore it.
Can you prove that?
No.
I can't.
Ahem.
But I can prove I served you.
I'm not accepting this service
on behalf of my assistant.
That's okay. You don't have to.
It's not for her. It's for you.
Oh.
And I do see right through you.
I've never seen you this scared before,
you son of a bitch.